Add 2.3.0 (#138)
openforcefield/openff-forcefields: README.md

| Filename                                    | FF line | Release Date  | Major format changes? | Fitting repo                                                                              | DOI                                                                                                         |
|---------------------------------------------|---------|---------------|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `openff-2.3.0.offxml`                    | Sage    | Jan 9, 2025  | No                    | [repo](https://github.com/openforcefield/ash-sage-rc2) | DOI TO COME |

> | `openff_unconstrained-2.3.0.offxml`                    | Sage    | Jan 9, 2025  | No                    | [repo](https://github.com/openforcefield/ash-sage-rc2) | DOI TO COME |

Reviewer: (blocking) This is the last one where we will need to call the switchover to NAGLCharges a "major" change. But it's worth doing one final time here since it's the first main-line release with this change. 
```suggestion
| `openff-2.3.0.offxml`                    | Sage    | Jan 9, 2025  | NAGLCharges instead of ToolkitAM1BCC                    | [repo](https://github.com/openforcefield/ash-sage-rc2) | DOI TO COME |
| `openff_unconstrained-2.3.0.offxml`                    | Sage    | Jan 9, 2025  | NAGLCharges instead of ToolkitAM1BCC                    | [repo](https://github.com/openforcefield/ash-sage-rc2) | DOI TO COME |
```
